#summary Log of fixes, new features and other info.
#labels Featured

=UPDATE 06-10-2011=

SKT 2.0 "beta" available for linux.

*Source rewritten for a little more simplicity (and future portability to win and mac).
*More "kinect movement" stable
*New plane fitting method (using minimum squares)
*New threshold method (very basic options, IMPORTANT : must select zone first!)
*Now the settings are all initialized from "settings.xml" file. Now you can change the number of calibration points, max number of blobs, tuio host and port, etc...
*Better point calibration (easier to use)
*A simple automatic min-max distance search. 
*Very simple mouse pointer implementation (moves the mouse following the blob with ID=0 and clicks when ID=1 appears together with ID=0). For better results be sure to have a good calibration before you activate the "mouse" checkbox.

Soon we will have a win and mac SKT-2.0 version.


=UPDATE 21-07-2011=

SKT 1.4 Available.

- New point calibration
- Other fixes (includes fix for TUIO port different from default)
=UPDATE 14-07-2011=

SKT 1.3 For windows and linux available.

- New option for touch point extraction. Works much better for screens (LCDs, LED, etc...)

=UPDATE 26-06-2011=

SKT 1.2 for Windows available. VS solution and executable.

=UPDATE 25-06-2011=

New version for linux available: SKT - 1.2.

-Linux src and bin included
-Option to save and load parameters!
-Few minor improvements

coming soon: windows and mac versions...

=UPDATE 14-06-2011=

New version available!! SKT - 1.1.

-VS 10 Solution 
-Binaries for Windows 7 (might work with vista)
-Binaries for Linux (with SSE 3 and TBB support).

=UPDATE 08-06-2011=

Binaries for linux available. Instructions and dependencies: README file included.